The original session
The book that was almost killed was wiped out
The wound left behind still hurts faintly to this day
How should I repay you?
That arrow didn't kill you completely
It's the biggest regret of my life
Your regrets are much more than that
I will let you see with your own eyes everything you protect
Turned to ashes
demonic heresy
It's useless to talk too much
Die
Now you are only a saint
It's not enough to kill this game
Just shot a few times
It has exhausted most of your strength
If I'm right
You are holding on now
Hahahaha
I will soon be resurrected
Suppressed by heaven and earth
You can't do whatever you want
today
click until
Until I have sucked enough flesh and blood
I will end everything in this world
Including you.
Peach
Do the dignified demons just hide in the east?
You don't have to hit me.
Then I will wait for you on the ancient battlefield
Are you coming or not?
The world will become prey
Lord Tianmo has come to the world
You dragons
Cherish your last days
Hahahaha
One more month.